I started the nightly chore of feeding
and cleaning our collection of animals
when a diet called me from the bank ate
one he said I've got a better one
are you interested well I didn't know
what a better one was but I said we were
very interested and I asked him to come
on board to show it to me and the rumor
turned out to be the mail a word for a
bear
the doc said that early that morning he
had found this youngster deserted in the
forest and he'd heard that we'd wanted
animals so he had bought it in to us
I offered to trade him for a cakes of
salt which up here an extremely short
supply and very valuable
he asked for 15 and I suggested 10 and
we agreed on that
the little cub was of the slave very
young
I reckoned about two weeks old he seemed
to be in good condition but he hadn't
got any teeth and obviously was still
feeding on milk we have got a baby's
bottle on board ready for such a case as
this but I wondered whether he was yet
old enough for us to be able to rear him
first however he had to be put in a box
and covered up so that he kept warm as
soon as the Sun went down it gets quite
cold on that river and we didn't want to
risk our new pet catching a chill and
then I had to set about the urgent job
of making a bottle of dilute condensed
milk urgent because the little cub was
already calling very loud indeed for his
food it seemed to be about the right
temperature and to my relief the young
cub was soon guzzling away contentedly
[Music]